>> Brian Holt: Let's go ahead and
just kinda jump in so we can start
seeing how this is gonna help us.
First thing we're gonna do here,
is we're gonna say yarn flow.
So we don't have flow in our scripts, but
flow is actually being included already.
In fact, if you go ./node modules .bin.
There's a flow in there,
which I had forgotten about this
trick until just right now.
You can actually just say yarn flow, and
it's gonna go find that in your
node modules and run it for you.
So we're going to yarn flow -- --init.
Is it just init?
Okay, I don't think you need to dashes.
There we go, okay?
So yarn, flow, dash, dash, init.
Okay now if you look in
your directory it created
this file here called, .flow config.
But this is kinda, a lot of the times
you don't need anything other than
just having a flow config,
even if it's totally empty.
It's just that you're acknowledging at
that point this is now a flow project.
Now the reason why I learned flow
in the first place and like flow,
it's very easy to introduce flow
slowly into a mature code base, right?
Cuz flow is opt in, so you have to
go in and opt in to every file.
So you just kind of slowly start going and
opting in files, and
eventually your entire project
will become typed, right?
I think typed can do
something similar to that,
I just, again, I don't have the experience
to speak to that, but I know for
a fact that that was a strength for
flow in my opinion.
>> Brian Holt: Something
else we're gonna do now is,
I want you to add a global called
yarn global add flow-typed.
You can also do npm
install dash dash global.
I just need you to get this CLI
called flow typed, yeah go ahead.
>> Speaker 2: What was the previous
command for flow init?
>> Brian Holt: Yarn flow
dash dash space init.
>> Brian Holt: So add the flow type.
>> Brian Holt: So now you should
have a CLI thing called flow-typed.
What this is going to do is this
is gonna go out to their repo and
bring in types that your
project is currently using.
So, for example, we're using,
React is a bad example.
Let's say.
>> Brian Holt: Well,
something like enzyme, for example.
Enzyme has a specific API.
And someone went through and actually
wrote the types for Enzyme, so if you try
and call like enzyme.method that does
not exist, and you try and call that.
It's gonna say hey you're trying to
call a method that doesn't exist right?
So that's what Flow Type is gonna do,
it's gonna go out and
grab those type definitions for
you and bring them into your project.
In an automated fashion which
is my favorite way of doing it.
So we're gonna say flow-typed install.
>> Brian Holt: And it's just gonna
go out and grab all the types for
the things that you've installed.
There's gonna be a bunch of red output,
this is just saying hey,
you have babel-core, and I don't
know what that is, and that's okay.
But if you scroll up above all that,
you're gonna see it brought in express,
redux, flow, lodash, jest,
enzyme, react-router-dom,
axios, prop-types,
react-addons-perf, and react-redux.
So we got all those typings for
free, which is a-okay by me.
>> Brian Holt: Also just so you know, you
can look here inside of your flow typed
directory that it just added for you.
And you can actually go look at these
type definitions which is super useful.
So for example,
I don't know how Jest is working, so
I can click into this I can actually
go through all of these types.
In fact,
it's like if you're on a plane and
don't have access to the documentation,
it's a pretty good way of looking at it.
Right?
You can see that jest
actually does a ton of stuff.
So this is pretty recent, and
to me this is a huge addition to flow,
so I'm very grateful to the community for
doing that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, any questions so far?
>> Brian Holt: So right now if we go and
say yarn flow I think it's just gonna,
not really do a whole lot.
>> Brian Holt: Because we don't have
any files that are being opted in for
it to being stat, look,
it is doing some stuff.
So God bless style components.
I love them.
But for whatever reason they have interior
errors for flow, and so you have to go in
and tell it specifically do not type check
inside of the styles components directory.
That was super weird so
let's go ahead and do that.
Do I have that in here?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I do.
So go into your flow config
file that it generated for you.
And the very first thing that you're gonna
want to do is ignore styled components.
So you're gonna say
PROJECT_ROOT/node_modules/styled
components/ star.
So it's just saying anything coming out
of styled components I do not care.
You don't want to ignore
all of node modules.
Because you actually do care about
the types that are coming out, right?
The outputted types.
Anyone, flow will be able to
follow those where it can.
So, you want it, for the most part,
leave node modules in.
Here's type checking.
Just, for whatever reason,
as of the today, it doesn't work.
>> Brian Holt: Something to note,
that Flow already understands
React out of the box.
It doesn't need any Flow typings for that.
The reason being was that Flow was written
for the React team at Facebook, so
they just kind of built it in.
So you get all that stuff just for free.
Okay, so now if we try and
do this again and say yarn flow.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna go do that again
and no errors as far as it knows but
nothing is actually being
opted into being checked.
But it's good to know that we're
starting from no errors upfront.
>> Brian Holt: The flow
is written in Ocaml.
So it is relying on that
particular typing system.
Basically as far as I understand it's
converting your JavaScript types into
an analogous Ocaml type.
Doing all this type checking with
the really robust OCaml typing system,
and then spitting out those errors
back to JavaScript for you.
But that's why it's really fast, right?
If we were trying to write
a typing system in JavaScript,
one that seems like an ill-advised idea,
it would go a lot slower.
So, that's when you see the flow is
still initializing and all this stuff.
It's actually running a background process
in Ocaml, feeding stuff into it and
waiting for it to come back out.
>> Brian Holt: And the same thing
if you look in your processes and
you see some random Ocaml process
called flow, that's what it is.